hi everyone welcome to my kitchen
today I'm going to be making curry yaki
udon and it is a Chinese um I think it's
a Chinese I'm not sure it could be
Indian I don't know that's what it's
gonna look like anyways I'm using these
huge on noodles and I have already
cooked them and drained them I have some
bean sprouts I have some ginger I most
they do with it
I used crystallized ginger it's soft but
its crystallized it's got like a know
what it's got on it like a sugar or
something
yep it's baby ginger root with cane
sugar and it's it's soft enough to cut
up so I cut that up in two real small
bits I chopped a medium onion a
julienned some carrots I have my chicken
marinating in some sesame oil and some
low-sodium soy sauce and I did add a
little bit of cracked pepper and a tiny
touch of salt so that's all marinated
come here and heat up my pan here to
cook the chicken I'm going to add a
little bit of vegetable oil to the pan
yep for a few SEC's few SEC's
few seconds
okay so now my pan is heated up and I'm
gonna add my chicken
you just thought say that into it
not paint the middle anymore
okay halfway through this chicken
cooking I'm going to add my onions
my ginger
nice credit carrots
and my curry powder and it calls for two
tablespoons or we won't add
I'm just gonna eyeball
are they about two teaspoons and stick
I'm going to add a teaspoon of minced
garlic
again this we saw from here
all of the hoisin sauce
three teaspoons
yes
this is smelling so good guys
putting my bean sprouts
that is a snuggle
and now I'm going to add my noodles that
have been already cooked my unum noodles
oh I wish I had smell-a-vision this is
smelling so good
I'm gonna turn that down to just barely
a flicker of a flame if you have yeah
gas me I guess I'm just gonna cover that
and that all the the flavors kind of
blend in together and I'll be back in a
second and tell you how it tastes
I decided to dump in a little bit of
water chestnuts to just for a little
crunch so I'm just gonna stir those in
the rest of the flavors and I'll be back
in a little bit that's what it looks
like well done guys
and it came out delicious I just had two
bowls of it my husband he's had two so
it's really good I hope you try it